---
layout: page
title: Research
subtitle: My primary focus in my graduate studies
---
My research has primarily focused on developing and improving an architecture simulater for modeling superconducting systems. A variety of special properties of the novel systems require a unique approach for accurate simulation.

### RSFQ Logic
Superconductive architectures require a unique method of sending information. Instead of sending 0s and 1s in the form of Vcc and ground, the processor sends in the information as a pulse. The pulse is generated by Josephson Junctions. Initially the element has no resistance below a current threshold. When a critical level of current passes through, the element becomes resistive, causing the current to redirect momentarily to the input wire. This is the fundamental component behind the RSFQ logic that's the fundamental building block for superconductive systems. The mechanism allows for pulses to be generated as fast of 100s of GHz for very basic circuits, and current basic processor designs allow for 30-40GHz frequencies. 

### Cryogenic Conditions
Another focus of the project is the modeling of the caches within cryogenic environments. The operation of both CMOS and SFQ memory behaves signficantly different under cryogenic conditions, having noticeably better speed and energy consumption. Currently CryoMEM, a derivative of cacti designed for cryogenic conditions, is being used to model memory operations in various environments. A significant contribution of the project is the implementation of the model into the cache performance within the simulator.

### Interconnect Modeling
To be written

### Cache Latency Calculations
To be written